print last accessed at field in list-tokens (#3115)
earthly/earthly: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> - `earthly account list-tokens` would now show the last time a token was accessed

Reviewer: a little more concise: 
```suggestion
- `earthly account list-tokens` now shows the last time a token was used
```

### Fixed

> - Fixed a bug, where the command to create tokens with a set expiration failed.

Author: this is from PR https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3113
